docs: update with new features (#213)
Apicurio/apicurio-registry-operator: docs/modules/ROOT/partials/proc-manage-environment-variables.adoc

ifdef::apicurio-registry[]
. Select the *Installed Operators* tab, and then *{registry} Operator*.
endif::[]
ifdef::service-registry[]
. Select the *Installed Operators* tab, and then *Red Hat Integration - Service Registry Operator*.
endif::[]
. On the *Apicurio Registry* tab, click the `ApicurioRegistry` CR for your {registry} deployment.

> . Click on the *YAML* tab and then edit the `spec.configuration.env` section as needed, for example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Click the *YAML* tab and then edit the `spec.configuration.env` section as needed. The following example shows how to set global content rules :
```

+
[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: registry.apicur.io/v1
kind: ApicurioRegistry
metadata:
  name: example-apicurioregistry
spec:
  configuration:
    # ...
    env:
      - name: REGISTRY_RULES_GLOBAL_VALIDITY
        value: FULL # One of: NONE, SYNTAX_ONLY, FULL
      - name: REGISTRY_RULES_GLOBAL_COMPATIBILITY
        value: FULL # One of: NONE, BACKWARD, BACKWARD_TRANSITIVE, FORWARD, FORWARD_TRANSITIVE, FULL, FULL_TRANSITIVE
----

> 

Reviewer: Should we also add the new integrity rule to this example? @EricWittmann, I'm assuming that the following config is correct? 
 - name: REGISTRY_RULES_GLOBAL_INTEGRITY
        value: FULL # One of: NONE, NO_DUPLICATES, REFS_EXIST, ALL_REFS_MAPPED, FULL

Author: There is a new rule but it's not required in this example. We can consider adding it later.

OpenShift CLI::

. Select the project where {registry} is installed.
. Run `oc get apicurioregistry` to get the list of `ApicurioRegistry` CRs
. Run `oc edit apicurioregistry` on the CR representing the {registry} instance that you want to configure.
. Add or modify the environment variable in the `spec.configuration.env` section.

> The {operator} may attempt to set an environment variable that is already explicitly specified in the `spec.configuration.env` field. If an environment variable configuration has a conflicting value, the value set by {operator} takes precedence. You can avoid this conflict by either using the high-level configuration for the feature, or only using the explicitly specified environment variables. The following is an example of a conflicting configuration:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The {operator} might attempt to set an environment variable that is already explicitly specified in the `spec.configuration.env` field. If an environment variable configuration has a conflicting value, the value set by {operator} takes precedence. You can avoid this conflict by either using the high-level configuration for the feature, or only using the explicitly specified environment variables. The following is an example of a conflicting configuration:
```
